9 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
show. I'm Ivon Man with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open markets in [music] greater China.
Our top stories today, stocks across the
Asia-Pacific under pressure after this
[music] rotation out of tech dragging
Wall Street down. Software makers
plunging on a threat from Anthropic's
new automation tool. That rotation also
gathering pace here in Hong Kong,
pushing tech stocks to the brink of a
bare market on concerns over valuations
and [music] earnings prospects.
>> Also ahead, oil gaining as the US shoots
down an Iranian drone in the Arabian
Sea. But President Trump says diplomatic
talks with Iran are continuing. [music]
>> And we hear from Indonesia's finance
minister as he defends his government's
economic [music] track record after a
slump in the currency and stocks.
Just when we were talking about calm
yesterday, it seems like we're back to
talking about AI,
>> but this time it seems like it's a bit
different in the sell-off, right? It's
not just about what we're seeing,
whether AI plays out in earnings and the
like and whether we're seeing, you know,
the ROI and all this investment, but
really about what could actually disrupt
in terms of industries, right? And I
think this anthropic news on on what it
means for software companies, data
adjacent companies certainly leaves a
lot of question marks here now. What
what's to come with this industry really
>> the it it's sort of borderline
existential threat.
>> Yes. Um, and I think the Goldman basket
of software stocks was the big headline
that dropped as we were waking up here
in the Asia Pacific, down about 6%, I
think the most since April of last year.
Um, and that goes into you had I think
we had to put the move overnight u on
the back of the big move in Korea
yesterday, right? Where you have a 10%
move in Samsung, which is why you're
getting rocked and a lot of these names.
Uh, you know what I miss? I miss sub 1%
moves. I realize we haven't had a normal
[laughter] day so far this week.
>> They're talking about precious metals. I
mean, they're like, it's almost like a
casino these days, right? When when
they're trading not like safe haven
instruments, but really like meme
stocks, right?
>> Um, you know, where when is is this all
going to settle, right? And certainly,
you continue to see that here with with
when it comes to precious metals. Uh,
but then again, you talk about what's
going on in tech. Yeah.
>> And in in Hong Kong, we started to see a
lot of that pronounced selling on so
many rumors about VAT uh and and taxes
when it comes to the telco sector. that
was confirmed but then it kind of spread
that maybe this is going to be coming to
the internet companies and the like and
then of course rumors kind of usually
flame the the fears of out there right
now too.
>> Yeah, rumors are all that are needed at
some point and then there's the EV
component to when you look at the drag
on the Hanging Tech index, right? So we
are very near a a bare market. We'll
talk about the specific levels to watch
uh going into the session today. So
there are two levels to watch. Um we're
very close to both. Uh the second one
would take us into a bare market which
is 20% down from the October 2 peak. Uh
so we talked about how we missed sub 1%
moves and yeah so we're down 1% on the
nick. We are getting oh thank you so
much on the Cosby index for giving us
some uh some anchor today. Half of 1%
down in the open uh in Taiwan. NASDAQ
futures are still somewhat but that's
extremely small move though under
pressure. 30 points to the downside.
Right. Uh, if you're curious, the big
names coming through, TSMC, Samsung, SK,
and Laser Tech in Japan. There we go. As
you can see, not quite, of course, a
reversal of yesterday's ma massive
gains, but we'll see. The night is
young, right? U, gold, you have oil, we
talked about Iran, and you had Bitcoin
back to 75 76,000. Uh, what happened to
Bitcoin is the question we're putting
there, right? One of the things too,
we'll talk about later with BOVA. Uh so
they're still bullish in gold and gold
miners specifically and we'll talk about
all these regulatory changes in China.
Uh this widening for example the
exchange overnight talked about the
trading limits on silver futures uh on
shore. Dollar was um stronger going into
the session today. Still strong. Um so
we're up on dollar yen to about 156 now.
As you can see on your screens we were
up on Aussie and the kiwi uh going into
about a couple of minutes back. Right.
the approach of the open to the A50
futures, you have copper coming online.
There we go. Uh in Shanghai, woo 3% to
the upside and dollar China 693 there
against the 693 is the exchange rate for
today.
>> Yeah, in terms of your agenda you talked
about, right, the levels that we're
watching for HS tech, you know, we were
on the cusp of some sort of bare market
yesterday. We'll see if we make it there
today, but certainly uh there are signs
that maybe this whole AI trade is
unraveling once again here. So maybe
that could be uh leading to some weight
on this market. in terms of metals
continues to be you know the whipsaw
that we're seeing across precious metals
and what that means for some of the
miners in the China plays there rare
earth is certainly still a key focus
we're hearing news of the EU is also
joining in on this whole uh you know
front of what the US is doing about
accumulating uh critical minerals and
the like oil given the Ron story crypto
has been talking about there we have
some data from raining dog this is the
non-manufacturing PMIs as well China
also reports later on today sunart
retail there's news of the CEO uh and
they have lost contact with him. So
certainly watching what that means for
the stock here today and there is going
to be a CGB sale today.
>> Yeah. Uh there will be that. Uh so we'll
see. I'm curious what Sun Art is. So
we're looking right now not a lot of
movement in the extremely early part of
the day. Uh the company said it was
unable to contact its its CEO. Right. Uh
we talked about two levels to watch.
just below the 5400
uh level on the Hangen Tech gauge. Uh
5397 is the is a level that's actually
held the last three times we've tested
that. Below that is the green line just
below 5350. That takes us into uh bare
market terrain, which would be 20% from
the peak that you see back in early
October. Right. Uh let's get a sense of
flows and sentiment out there given
quite a week. Cross asset. Joining us
here on sets, Thomas to Fidelity's head
of APAC X Japan ETF distribution. Very
nice to see you, sir. Happy New Year.
>> Yeah, happy new year.
>> Not too late to say. Oh, no. Lunar New
Year's coming.
>> I thought you were talking about Lunar
New Year.
>> We [laughter] got Sorry to come too
early. What's this week been like for
you?
>> Um, it's been volatile, I think. I mean,
the the gold and pre precious metal
moves was kind of the main thing.
>> Um, a lot of questions on what
institutional clients are doing in that
space. For the for the most part,
nothing. Um,
>> they're sitting this out.
>> They're sitting this out. Yeah, I mean
this is this has primarily been a retail
at least the last 15 20% has been a
retail uh type move. I mean if you look
at some of the margin flows that have
been going on in margin debt in the US I
mean it was very clear that uh when we
saw that sell off last week we were
seeing a lot of stop losses that that
were coming through. Now you see a
little bit of a push uh higher um dip
buying going on in the ETF space, but
you know, I think from an institutional
investor perspective, like you're not
buying gold as a diversification play,
right? So I think I think it's kind of
sitting it out and I I do think this
this longer term trade uh into the gold
space, which was very bullish on last
year is over for a little while. Uh
let's see let's see what what plays out
particularly with the US dollar, US
exceptionalism, all this kind of stuff.
Um, but yeah, it's been it's been bumpy
and I think the year of the horse you're
going to need a very comfortable settle
because it's going to it's going to be
very bumpy.
>> Gold, I think people still see the
long-term sort of prospects for it.
Silver is a different thing, right? It's
it's not a reserve asset. It's much
smaller and and thinner. Yeah. So, you
should be looking at silver very
differently than gold.
>> I I think so. I mean, silver obviously
has some industrial usage, but for the
most part, silver is is gold on
steroids, right? So, um I think I think
what we're seeing in the silver space um
is again more on the retail um type of
investment and and what's been really
driving gold up until the last you know
20% or the last couple months has been
the sovereign institutions buying gold
as kind of a divers diversification away
from just US dollar reserves and that's
not the case with silver. So you don't
have that you don't have that
institutional sovereign backing behind
it. Mhm. I know you have some thoughts
on last year was really about, you know,
US exceptionalism. Last year was the
dollar. Maybe that's expanded to a
slightly bigger narrative now. But
before we get to that, just Bitcoin
because Bitcoin was supposed to be the
debate the basement trade. What what's
happened there? What are you seeing as
far as flows? Because you guys have a
big ETF thing.
>> Yeah, I mean we're still seeing interest
more in the I would say more in the high
net wealth space in uh not so much on
the institutional. I mean the the thing
in institution is has always been the
same. How do I size it in my portfolio?
And then there was a lot of questions
like is it a diversification play?
Maybe. But the correlation to NASDAQ
went went up to basically one. And so I
think investors in the retail high net
well high net worth uh space are going
to continue to buy it. But it's I think
>> as a as a what do you think? What what
what is it now?
>> It's well it's a debasement trade. It's
a it's a anti-US dollar trade. It's um
it's a it's going up trade. So all the
all these things which is really the way
that you shouldn't be looking at it like
I wouldn't be buying it just because
it's going up but because you can't put
a valuation on it you have to trade it
on technicals and so I think at the
moment the technicals are pointing more
towards the downside but you'll continue
to see dip buying in it.
>> Yeah. You mentioned the basement trade
and what this means for US
exceptionalism. You last year was a lot
of concerns with the dollar. Yeah. Is it
more than just the dollar now?
>> I I think so. Yeah. I mean we there was
all this chatter about um US
exceptionalism last year. We didn't
really see it, right? I mean, US dollar,
yes. Uh, we saw a bit a blip in in
March, April, and then everyone kind of
moved back in. But I think under the
surface, what's very clear is that
buying just core S&P 500 is not working,
right? So, um, the good news is I think
there's a lot of alpha in US to be game
from single stock uh, selection,
>> right? Um but just buying core S&P 500
which you know again this is very
obvious but I keep saying this to to
clients is if if the AI tech trade uh if
we see rotation into some of the lagards
the the broad index will go down because
that's that that's the the primary
concentration in that in the portfolio
and so I think that's the biggest
concern right now is like yes there's a
lot of spending going on in AI
infrastructure and there's probably more
juice in infrastructure trade but
spending more money is not necessarily
really a great uh a great investment
play because your ROI is going to come
down over time and so you kind of have
this arms race into into infrastructure
spending.
>> Uh what about the AI sorry Asia
component to the AI conversation because
Korea's given us a lot to talk about.
>> Yeah, I mean again I think Korea a lot
of this is being driven by retail flow.
Um I think on the institutional side
last year clearly there was a valuation
catchup um particularly in some of the
in some of the heavyweight tech names
there. Uh we saw that in China, we saw
that in Korea. Um and it is again sort
of that rotation away from just having
US tech in the portfolio. Yeah. But I
think Korea is definitely one to watch.
Gold is one to watch, Bitcoin is one to
watch. And then obviously what the
heavyweight AI tech names do in the US.
>> But are they quite vulnerable? I mean
just the moment that we saw the crash in
precious metals, I think Korea was the
first one to kind of feel the brunt of
it. And it's it's wiping out a lot of
crowded trades. Yeah.
>> Out there,
>> I think. Yes, sir.
>> Go ahead. I mean, no, I think I think
you know what you're seeing is these
little pockets of of of bubbles that are
that are coming up. The gold was the
most obvious example to that. And then
you see it deleveraging in terms of
something will happen. I think that the
the the announcement of the Fed
candidate Worsh in terms of his his
perceived views on monetary expansion or
fiscal uh tightening and then you see
this kind of pullback and then you see
stop stop losses and I think gold is a
good example. Bitcoin, you're going to
see a little bit of that. Korea is
probably a good example of that and then
we'll see how the heavyweight tech names
in the US US work. But I think this is
one of the big reasons why you're seeing
this big shift into into the active ETF
space in the in the US is because it's
very hard to actually invest in this
environment, right, where you have so
much volatility and
>> tech uh factor rotations and sector
rotations is so hard to do. And so I
think institutional clients are moving
more into that systematic active ETF
space where you can get that single
stock uh attribution.
>> When the dust settles after all of this
uh the best opportunities you think
outside of single stock names you think?
>> I mean the question is when is the dust
going to settle?
>> Okay. Okay. Well, [laughter] let's start
with that.
>> Yeah. I mean short term I would say I'm
I'm relatively bearish across the space.
Um that doesn't necessarily mean that
you should be going underweight US
equities. It just means you need to
invest slightly differently than you
have the last 15 years. I think in Asia
the view hasn't really changed that
much. I think it will be interesting to
see whether you finally see a shares
start to to to perform. That of course
depends on consumption.
>> But I've always I've always said this,
right? US investors, foreign investors
into China don't necessarily want to own
it long term. And so you've seen this
big inflows into ADRs and tech names.
And now it's like, well, I'm up. Yeah,
I'm up a decent amount and like let's
see uh let's let's let's rotate out and
then we'll see if that moves back into
India. I think
>> ah are you starting to see any signs of
that given now that we have a trade deal
with the US and
>> not so much on the ETF space. I think
the most interesting trade has been the
big shift into EM as a broad region
versus EMx China which was the the the
the
>> yeah that emerged last year or two years
ago.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So I think January was the
biggest ever in inflows into EM ETFs and
then last year was the second biggest
year other than 2017 which was that
Goldilocks trade. So I think that will I
think that will broadly continue.
>> Tommy, it's great to have you. Thomas,
head of ETF distribution for Asia
Pacific Extra Japan at Fidelity. Still
ahead, we'll be speaking with the BMA
Global Research about why they think
[music] this year will be an auspicious
one when it comes to electrification and
AI power infrastructure. Miya joins us.
what what to do next in terms of metals,
[music] precious metals alike.
>> Yeah. But ahead of that, Indonesia has
of course been a big topic of
conversation. We sat down in fact with
the finance minister has Linda's
conversation is [music] coming up there.
U they're essentially shrugging off
fears of this MCI downgrade. They are
paying attention to the issue. [music]
Uh it seems confident they'll be able to
meet that. Uh that conversation from the
Indonesia Economic Summit is coming up
next. And also counting down to the open
of trade in about 15 minutes or so.
Shanghai Shenzhen in Hong Kong. And as
we reporting out, one stock specifically
[music]
in focus will be Sun Arts after the
company said it was unable to contact it
is unable to contact its [music] CEO.
This is the China Show.
[music]
Welcome back. Uh
might be a good thing that we're trading
sideways in futures given the the route
we're seeing in uh tech specifically. Uh
but it's also worth noting that tech in
China had been leading the declines
anyway. So this might be just a period
of stasis. Uh we'll see what happens.
Fixer today is coming up bottom of your
screen 695 uh 33 against the dollar.
>> Yeah, we're still watching Indonesia of
course which we did see Ash yesterday
was a little bit better, right? the
session on Tuesday. Uh we did see a bit
of a recovery of two and a half% or so
after what has been a whirlwind of a
week here after of course that Msei
warning here. So it was the biggest gain
since April of last year. What we saw
there yesterday um and and certainly
this interview that has Linda did it it
was quite interesting as well and really
kind of getting the government sort of
perspective on what they're doing to
stem the losses there as well. Uh we'll
have more from that interview there.
Certainly one thing to watch because the
finance minister says he's not concerned
for now about the possibility of that
MSEI downgrade here to frontier market
status. Speaking to Bloomberg's Linda
Almond at a business forum in Jakarta,
Pbaya Yudia Sua also told us why he
thinks the index provider's warning is
actually a good thing.
>> As I told you that in transparency in
the market is was quite big. I've told
even I've told myself to the
uh stock market mana management at that
several months ago to clarify the market
from this uh cooking practice of uh
manipulating prices of shares but they
didn't anything so to me MCI warning is
a good thing because we I can write them
to clear the market practice toward the
better.
>> Are you concerned about a possible
downgrade?
>> No, because improving the condition.
Unless we ignore the MSI warning until
May, then we have to be concerned. But I
think the government and every market
decorators have conducted have taken a
proper approach to show that before May
this year, we will satisfy what the MCI
wanted. So you should be okay. You
should be fine. Anybody think in my
country should be okay. We will follow
adhere to the global best practices.
You're expressing confidence but there
is a real risk of being downgraded by
the MSCI. Are you prepared for that?
What measures are in place that could
possibly mitigate the impact of a
downgrade?
Now we will uh satisfy all of the MS all
of thing that MS wanted including with
basically transparency
for me as a minister of finance I'm not
involving too much with what's happening
in the in the boards but I focus to
ensure that the economic
uh the economic the economy moving in
the right direction. We make sure that
our government spend enough money in the
first quarter, second quarter in a
timely manner and we ensure also that
there's enough liquidity in the market
and we are making sure that we are
improving our business climate. We have
this special task force of deote debut
lacking where everybody every
businessman can report to us and on
weekly basis we have a meeting a
proceeding to ensure that the pro the
bottleneck that they're facing is
removed properly. I think one year from
now we will have a different and much
better business climate condition.
That's enough to create a better and
faster economic growth. Eventually, it
will be
represented on the increase on prices of
shares in our capital market.
>> And that was the Indonesian Finance
Minister Pubaya Yudi Sedawa speaking
with Haz in Jakarta. Now, some of the
stories that we're tracking for you
today. Oil prices are on the up even as
President Trump says diplomatic talks
with Iran [music] are continuing. Now,
it follows a spike in tensions after the
US Navy shot down an Iranian drone
headed toward an American aircraft
[music] carrier in the Arabian Sea. The
White House has confirmed that US Iran
meetings involving Trump's Middle East
envoy Steve Woodoff [music] are still
scheduled for Friday. [clears throat]
The partial US government shutdown has
ended after President Trump signed a
funding deal negotiated with Senate
[music] Democrats. The agreement extends
Homeland Security funding through
February 13th, while the rest of the
government is funded through the fiscal
year. Some conservatives [music] back
the deal after pressure from Trump while
several Democrats opposed it over
immigration concerns. Right. Uh we're
going into the open today about 8
minutes away. So we're let's call it
sideways to flats. Uh this really might
take take some time and just keep in
mind we're coming off quite a dip
yesterday and Hen Tech [music] is still
down early. not to the extent yes that
we might get dip buyers coming in of
course following the declines we've seen
of late. Uh we'll get you a full preview
of the trading day ahead including some
of the individual names we're [music]
tracking uh in the Wednesday session.
Plenty more ahead. This is the China
show.
Right. Welcome back. Uh Hen Index,
Hingen Tech. Uh we talked about how we
are getting close to this um world
number one support level to watch which
actually held quite uh substantially the
last three selloffs. That's the one
level to watch below that. I don't think
we'll need to talk about that today but
just to get it out of the way of course
it's just below 50 350 which would take
the index into a bare market. We're
still uh some distance from that point
in time though.
>> Yeah stocks to watch here today.
Obviously, this the tech space is very
much in focus given already you're
seeing that downdrift here. Sunart
retail. We're hearing that they're
unable to contact the CEO. Not much
change into the stock here this morning.
But let's focus more on the HStech moves
that we've been seeing, right? Cuz it
was largely like the EV space has been
dragging things down when you talk
about, you know, these new regulations
around hidden door handles. Now, you
talk about the slow sort of what we're
seeing in the the domestic business
there and and the slowdown in EV sales.
But there you go. You are seeing now
some of the you know tech plays as well
like Alibaba, Tencent, BU are all more
than 1% uh to the downside here. This
whole concern of VATS you get a lot of
commentary now from the likes of Morgan
Stanley's Robin Shing saying look it it
looks like these concerns are overdone.
This might not be the right timing to be
doing attacks on this right now when the
domestic economy is still uh you know
relatively speaking looking weaker. So,
uh, what this means obviously is maybe
it's just the telco side of things where
people say it's more of a targeted sort
of tax versus the rest of the tech
space. That's what we're at least seeing
right now. But certainly, Shinua also
came out and said, you know, don't be
too concerned about or these rumors.
Yeah, these rumors are are false at
least for now. Uh, here are some of the
metal plays here this morning. Jangi
copper, COC groups, the copper plays are
still doing very well. Gold is also
following there with the mining. were up
2% there and silver also still doing
also recovering when it comes to the
miners here today. Oil stocks as well
following the price of crude higher
here. You're seeing Shanghai crude
really following what we've been seeing
with Brent and WTI. We're up 3% for
futures there and there is a trading
debut here today. Chingda Gong Tech.
>> This is a plastics company. Yeah, there
you go. 25% upside there. [music]
>> Uh so yeah, and we got a breaking news.
>> Yeah. Yeah, we do. So you have GIC and
Tamasic. Uh based on our sources have we
understand that they're [music]
revamping how they deal with hedge
funds. Uh full story is on your
Bloomberg terminal, [music] right? You
can check that out. We'll be back for
the open. This is the China show.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. 40 seconds to the opening bell.
We're going to get some data coming
through in about 15 uh [music] odd
minutes from now. The braiding dog PMIs.
Uh we we also did get some of the PMIs
across the region. Japan, Hong Kong
should have been out. Uh we'll [music]
talk more about that. Uh in terms of the
market action, it's not so much here,
but in other markets like Japan, for
example, where we are feeling some
pressure in [music] the tech space given
the software selloff overnight, although
things did already sell off here uh in
Hong Kong yesterday. [music]
>> Yeah. I mean, on this whole concerns
about VAT and and really we're trying to
get a bit more clarity on that. So, the
telco side certainly was the the the how
it all started, right? This VAT [music]
rate uh tax hike, I should say. Um but
then it kind of rumor spread that this
was going to go to the gaming sector,
then [music] the whole tech sector. here
you had at the market close Shinuan news
dismissing those rumors of more VAT
hikes and they're talking you know to
and identified experts industry insiders
and the like but there was speculation
that it could be you know taxes going up
to 32% from 6% so that did shock the
market in some ways but uh we'll see
right city is saying that this
substantial VAT increase are overdone
for now but we're still trying to get a
bit more details on that front on
markets are doing this right now we're
down about a third of 1% here we're
still tracking what goes on in the
commod ies complex here. Copper seems to
be catching a massive bid here. We're up
3% in the futures there. Shanghai crude
as well, but iron ore steel not really
taking part. You take a look at how the
HS tech things go. We are down another
day. Uh we'll see if we get to that
final kind of H, you know, bare market
sort of territory here. We were on the
brink of that yesterday on the news of
this VAT tax.
>> We took one level out.
>> Um but yes, now you take a look at BU,
Alibaba, 10 cent, Xiaomi, M all lower
this morning. Uh it's not just the VAT
tax concerns. It's also the EV concerns
given the the regulations around how
they have to change door handles. Now
domestic, you know, sales have been
weak. So certainly there's a lot
weighing on the tech sector and HStech.
We talked about already the competition
with with Korea and the Samsung SKH
Highix is there and the combined market
cap is already o overseing some of the
bigger names uh among the China space.
Right? So u that continues for another
day. HStech down one and a half% or so
and that brings Henai now sub 27,000.
Let's flip the boards and see what's
going on with precious metals, copper,
and the like. It seems like we're still
seeing a decent recovery underway here
or some of these miners, Jang Copper,
COC Group are all up about 3% or more.
Uh certainly there was talk about the
silver fund and how they're changing
some of the metrics there. Yeah.
>> Um on the fund, which could exacerbate
actually some of the losses from the
retail side of things. So uh that
certainly is still a key concern is
whether we do see that sort of dip
buying from Chinese investors and
traders leading up to that lunar new
year holiday as well. Oil stocks are
doing this year should be following the
the oil price higher here this morning.
And there you go. China oil fuel
services for example leading the charge.
We're up close to 3%.
>> Okay. Um I'm going to ask our team uh in
the gallery to please bring up uh the
Hansen Tech chart because as our markets
producer had pointed out just now. Um at
the open Hen Tech just made an immediate
play for yesterday's lows. Uh so we are
now below that 5400 level. So the orange
line is a support level. It looks like
we were below that. The green light
takes us into a bare market. So I
mentioned a few minutes back could be
some way away. Well, we're closer now
than we were a few minutes ago. And some
of the drags as we were pointing out
like Xiaomi and EVs and this whole
cornucopia uh of of of reasons uh that
markets seem to be cautious around the
EV space from door handles to pricing to
competition uh will be coming up on your
screens very shortly. But yes, you know,
we're here from October to lows on the
back of tech and EVs and all the sort of
big cohorts within the Hanging Tech
Index. Joining us now to talk us through
the big declines and what's been driving
this rotation out of these big names you
see on your screens, Winnie Sue, our
Asia equities reporter to tell us about
the drivers of this rotation. Winnie,
>> yeah, you just mentioned how this
rotation is really happening, especially
when HStech has been so weak and yes,
potentially today it may actually end in
the bare territory. But when you take a
step back and look at how it has
trended, HST down some 8% or so in the
past 3 months versus HSI is actually up
about 3%. So that is really widening.
And on uh two sides of things, we are
hearing different factors. you just
mentioned on the Aegis tech front there
is that global tech rally unwinding
domestically with EV and e-commerce
platforms uh in under some pressure but
on the other hand we have HSI doing
pretty well especially when it comes to
property stocks and financial stocks
because property stocks financial stocks
they were both subsectors both up about
10% in the past three months and that's
being driven by a brighter outlook for
the housing market um the IPO market
expectation and also investor just
tracing for these high dividend yield
stocks when there's so much geopolitical
tensions going on.
>> Yeah. And that's what we've been waiting
for some sort of rotation that for this
rally to broaden beyond tech. So it
could be a good thing. Uh what is that
then the outlook when it comes to tech
for example is there's still value to
kind of stay in tech right now.
>> Yeah. So right now it seems like there
there is also a lot of divergence going
on within the tech sector. On one hand
you have AI still being very strong and
that's what we're seeing that's really
playing out in Asia today. In fact,
because South Korea, for example, even
after that very big rally yesterday,
still doing quite well today, even when
we saw that big sell-off overnight in
the US, while software stocks uh under a
bit more pressure and that's why we're
seeing a bit more pressure on HS Tech
today, just because it does have a bit
more exposure uh uh for software
companies compared to some of the other
Asia uh countries. But when it comes to
a bit of a near-term, you look at for
example earnings perspective, earnings
prospect, we um have a 15% cut when it
comes to HStech in just the past 6
months while HSI about flat. And then on
the PE side of things, uh valuation
still looks more expensive for HStech
versus HSI. So for now, seems like the
divergence is likely to stay.
>> Well, what what what could reverse the
trend?
>> Yeah. So, a couple catalysts that we're
watching at this point if it's going to
drop through the bare territory.
Actually, it does prevent uh it does
provide quite a nice environment if
people want to uh buy in for some of the
dips because it's going to uh look more
um look cheaper at this point. However,
um some of the other catalysts, for
example, we're expecting Deep Seek's new
model potentially coming out in just the
next few weeks, maybe around Chinese New
Year. That's what we've been hearing.
So, that might change the picture. And
then adding to that, you've also have uh
potentially further IPOs and also uh
that five-year plan that is expected to
be uh a lot focused on the tech
sufficiency. So those can potentially be
that factor to drive tech stocks back
into the play.
>> Okay. Um a lot of that in focus, this
rotation out of Chinese tech, arguably
some of that's gone into these Korea
plays. Some of that's gone into metals.
Some of that got burned of course in
metals. It's come back out. coming back
in uh Winnie Winnie Shu there of course
our Asia equities reporter just on the
silver note right we were just talking
to uh Thomas Fidelity a few minutes back
uh on his take on what's been going on
in in the silver market and what he sees
as far as their flows are concerned have
have a listen to to what he had to say
>> silver obviously has some industrial
usage but for the most part silver is is
gold on steroids right so um I think I
think what we're seeing in the silver
space um is again more on the retail um
type of investment and and what's been
really driving gold up until the last
you know 20% or the last couple months
has been the sovereign institutions
buying gold as kind of a divers
diversification away from just US dollar
reserves and that's not the case with
silver so you don't have that you don't
have that institutional sovereign
backing behind it
>> yeah as you said right institutional
investors are staying out yeah
>> of all this here right now and sitting
this one out here it's all kind of what
we're seeing being a speculative and
retail driven according to Tommy Ta. Um,
and brings a lot of questions and let's
bring in Mattie Jao, head of APAC basic
materials, oil and gas research of BFA
Global Research. I'm sure you've had a
pretty busy week, Maddie. Um, just given
the volatility that we've seen across
precious metals, is this more than just
a blip to you or or what's to come?
>> Yeah, so uh I would say that for 2026,
gold is still one of our most uh
preferred sub subsectors uh together
with aluminum and copper. Um but for
Bank of America, our current gold
assumption is 45,500 for the average of
the prices. So we are positive but
because 4,500 is basically implying a
32% year-on-year growth already. Yeah.
It's just that year to date it has been
like so strong, I think um you know some
of the factors are actually better than
what we thought. Like for example the
geopolitical tension has been stricter
than what we thought and also uh buying
from uh retail investors from ETF and
also from uh some of the government
reserves has been also very strong as
well and US dollars has been weaker than
what we thought. So that's why you saw
the rally up until 5,500 and plus of for
gold prices last week. um and big
volatility going forward. We are still
positive on gold uh because some of
these supports hasn't gone away. Uh last
night we just published a new note
saying that there's a possibility of
gold reach 6,000 within the year as
well. Um given that we haven't seen the
stop of all these funds coming into the
gold market. But we also want investor
to say that this volatility will become
a lot bigger in the coming months
especially given what's the feds uh
situations and also um what's this
investors uh feedbacks in terms of all
this gold rally.
>> What's the outlook for the actual miners
that that that you cover because these
are names that have reemerged they
provided alpha they're sitting a lot of
money they're doing some deals across
the world. What's what's your sense of
the outlook? Yeah. So for the the
industrial metals like for example for
copper for aluminum we are very
positive. Uh so for aluminum for example
uh it is uh because of the no new
supplies. Uh we are seeing lacking of
power in Indonesia delay the supply from
Indonesia and China is already reaching
this 45 million ton cap and we see very
unlikely for the cap to be lifted in the
near term because this is deemed as one
of a role model for anti-involution. uh
they're doing very successfully and and
then also aluminum's margin has reaching
historical high. It's actually 50%
higher than last year already even
though last year have been doing very
well. So that's on aluminum and for
copper I would say that um you know uh
each country is fighting for reserve for
copper like China, US, US trader has
been moving a lot of copper into the
into US. If you look at the US uh you
know um uh exchange currently the copper
uh inventory is about six times higher
than same time last year. So I would say
that strategic reserve for the big
countries is one of the key drivers and
of course underground the greed has been
very strong. China just announced a
five-year plan for grid investment which
is up 40% uh over the last five years
and then grid is 40% of the the copper
demands and of course a lot of accidents
globally and the great depletion all
these are adding the positive to both
copper
>> how much dip buying are you seeing among
maybe whether it's retail whether it's
fabricators whether it's manufact I mean
how much dip buying is going on now
given the the route that we saw since
last
>> yeah I think I think uh a lot of the
retail buying in gold we have seen uh
very obviously like the ETF continue to
grow like for example December ETF was
up more than 80% on a month-on-month
basis compared to the previous months
and you see probably people lining up in
IFC uh like over the weekend buying gold
right so because of the dip on Friday so
I think that uh investors retail
investors appetitize is very strong and
then this also together come with the
central bank's uh appetites if you look
at the central bank reserve of gold is
already 18% of total reserve compared to
3% uh 10 years ago. So central bank,
retail bank and then the potential
weakness on US dollar all adding the
gold rally.
>> Okay, the which is interesting. So my my
brain just went to IFC because the line
last year was PopMart. Now they
[laughter] they basically turned the
corner and looked at some of the
>> Lu Gold too, right?
>> Oh, that's true. That's true. Yes. Yes.
Yes. Lapu Gold did have a a massive line
there. Uh you you you took some clients
on a on a field trip.
>> Yes.
>> To to it makes it sound like you're on a
bus with with free snacks. School trip.
>> But but it was into the hearts of some
of these minds in China. What did you
guys find out? You talked to a lot of
executives.
>> Yes. So uh I would say that uh China uh
major players are still trying to add
productions. For example, Jim Mining uh
one of the biggest miners, they're
adding 12% copper production and 17%
gold production. So they're very active
also doing M&A as well looking for more
uh assets. But I think the biggest find
out is uh industrial are pretty worried
whether you know these price hikes will
cause a consumption strikes but so far
we haven't seen it seems that the uh the
consumer are still taking uh all these
price hike like for example the greed
they are still buying the copper for
example the home appliance the eta
although we are starting to hear home
appliance talking about maybe we want to
switch into aluminum because of copper
had been rallied too much but so far the
consumption strike hasn't been seen
which means it's squeezing the midstream
margins because midstreams like for
example auto for example home appliance
they are having pretty difficult times
in terms of demand right so the
midstream i the equipment providing to
them it's very difficult to hike prices
or pass on the copper price to silver
prices etc so uh basically uh now for
now it is squeezing their margin but we
haven't heard any production cut from
this midstream
>> and and the biggest winners so far that
are emerging are just are the upstream
players now the miners right yes
>> okay what about solar is one of the
areas you're cautious yes is that
because of the the past road cost or is
that something else
>> I think solar is more because of the
demands that we are expecting the panel
uh ex installation to go down by 25%
this year so at one end you have weak
demand from solar and on the other side
you have hike commodity prices like
silver and copper these are all major
costs for solars I was going to ask you
about silver. If gold rebounds, do you
think silver can follow?
>> I think it has already followed like
yesterday, right? But uh silver, I think
now it's not only it's I think in our
view, we prefer gold at this moment. Uh
we think that gold is still very
supportive from all the factors I just
mentioned. But for silver uh last night
our note just point out that we think
that silver just on fundamental support
is more 60 $70 rather than like now it's
nearly 90.
>> Yeah.
>> From a regulatory perspective and I
think we have to separate the two
stories. There's an industrial component
here which you were covering. There's a
retail component which I imagine when
you see prices go vertically regulators
look at that and somewhat become
concerned over risks leverage
speculation. How are you looking at the
risk of from a regulatory perspect that
they tighten some restrictions around
retail retail buying in this space just
to prevent prices from just going too
far from fundamentals? M m I think uh so
far uh like I take uh copper as an
example right so even though copper has
hiked so much if you look at the the key
buyers like the grids copper is probably
10% of their cost right so if copper go
up by 30% it's probably just 3% for the
grid so for grid given they have large
investment plan I think they're not
going to stop buying uh the matter is
for some of this consumption like for
example home appliance is also a new a
user of copper copper. So for them they
have to think of other ways. Um like for
example like M some of these uh key home
appliance provider are thinking of maybe
I use aluminum to replace copper. So
they're already starting to talk about
that because the copper aluminum ratio
is over 4.2 which is historical high
which means copper is 4.2 times more
expensive than uh aluminum it and
normally it's 3 to four. Um so now we
are starting to hear some switch among
the downstream but we haven't heard
about uh you know regulator talking
about tightening the prices. Okay
actually on the on the contrary we
actually saw last week government come
out to say that uh we should allow some
of these prices hike and it's pretty
good for the CPI and you know CPI
negative is also a concern for the
government. That's a good point,
>> Manny. It's great to have you as always.
Matty Jiao there, head of Apac basic
materials, oil and gas research of BA
Global Research. But yes, buy aluminum,
gold, copper, and lithium, sell steel,
and solar. Uh we just got some data
coming through from China here, this is
of course the the private rating dog PMI
numbers here. So, uh what we've got from
nonpm uh manufacturing, right? So,
services is 52.3. That is bey
expectations and an improvement from the
previous month here. uh the composite
number was also better than the previous
month. So better looking numbers here.
Above expansion of course is what we got
from the private gauge and the PMI
numbers as well for manufacturing just a
few days ago and better than the
official data too. Dave,
>> now uh separate from that, we're also
getting headlines coming through out of
China's vice finance minister speaking
at an APEC meeting talking about how
they're looking to build this unified
market to unleash domestic competition.
they do face persistent headwinds in
policy and certainly so far those are
what's come out of that. We'll get you
more details once we do have them
dropped uh on our Bloomberg [music]
terminals. Uh that said, we'll take a
short break and we will see you in a
bit.
Oh, just stay in [music] your seat.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Right, welcome back. So, yeah, in case
you missed the the big headline
overnight, I mean, it [music] took us
some time to get here, but yeah, that's
75,000 now in Bitcoin. It wasn't too
long ago, a few days back, in fact, we
were talking about a break of 80 and
what that might lead to as far as new
downside. But yeah, lowest now since the
uh US elections uh late 2024
>> and and it really has been interesting,
right? This was supposed to be a pro-
crypto White House. You've there's so
much optimism around institutional
adoption of of Bitcoin and the like. And
you know, right now we've kind of fallen
to kind of the days before that, right?
And and really when you take a look at
this whole debasement trade, it was
supposed to be, you know, you sell the
dollar, you buy precious metals, you buy
gold, and you buy Bitcoin. But you know,
Bitcoin has not taken part in this
debasement trade at all really. And
you've seen those two quite divorced for
the past year or so. And we spoke to
Galaxy Digital CEO Mike Novocrats about
this, right? And he believes the crypto
market may be nearing a bottom. Speaking
exclusively to Bloomberg, Novocrats also
told us what he thinks could turn
sentiment around.
>> It's immature. we had had a huge runup
uh from you know where people bought at
at 50 100 a,000 2,000 10,000 all the way
to 130,000 and I think what ended up
happening was people finally started
taking profits after we crossed 100 it
felt like the community had won and it
was that sigh of relief like we did it
we created this amazing ecosystem this
amazing asset and there's been kind of
like a sellers virus that got into the
market people blamed it on quantum I
don't I think quantum in the long run is
really the reason I think there was
selling and that selling is getting you
know executed in the market. There was
buying sure lots of new institutions are
coming in but prices are set on the
margin and there have been more sellers
than buyers. I I think we're getting
close to the bottom but we'll see. You
always know a bottom after you see it.
>> Uh and listen there's a couple things
that could help, right? Market structure
bill passing would be a big deal. Um,
you know, people are really pessimistic
on it right now. I actually am a little
more optimistic that things get done
because I think both sides want it done,
>> but we'll see.
>> So, what is what is the the catalyst
that turns the tide right now? You
mentioned a market structure bill. Maybe
that will bring some optimism, but I
don't know. Is there anything else that
that could turn around this trade? Yeah,
listen, part of this acceleration
recently downwards is the thought that
that Kevin Walsh is going to be very
hawkish. Uh, listen, what I think Kevin
did is he took out the tail risks for
inflation, right? He's a man of
integrity. He has worked alongside Stan
Ducken Miller for a long time, literally
since he left the Fed. Uh, and so you
don't think he's going to do whatever
Trump wants him to do.
That said, he's pretty dovish right now.
And I think once he gets in and starts
talking,
you know, looking at the environment
that we see today, he wants rates lower.
And I think once that market kind of
rewrites them as a dove, at least a
dove, uh, given the the current
environment, uh, that also could help,
>> right? If you're one of our Bloomer
subscribers, you can rewatch that
interview that we just did uh via the TV
go function. Also, become part of
[music] the conversation. TV go has that
uh little button that you can press and
it takes us into a chat room. Reach out
to us if you have any comments,
suggestions [music] or questions you
might want to ask many of our guests
that are coming in the next few hours or
so.
Yeah, software soft that was the
headline uh going into today. So tech is
taking it um as [music] you can see here
on Hangen Tech index. So we've now taken
out support. We're about 40 points north
of [music]
uh bare market levels. Uh the star 50
and the Chinese index are also [music]
seeing some uh some pressure right now.
More on the tech sell off across the
region coming up. This is the China
show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour of the session
and yeah, we're, [music] you know,
looking a little bit better, but we're
flat. I mean, we've recovered some of
the losses at the get-go, but you know,
[music] right now sentiment, we're still
kind of figuring out what goes on in the
Aegis tech story here as we were on the
brink of of some sort of bare market
yesterday [music]
here. There is still some concerns about
the whole, you know, rumors of VAT hikes
as well when it comes to not just the
telco side, but is it coming to the
gaming sector? Shininoa really trying to
dismiss some of these rumors out there
here today. But still a lot of
uncertainty on the AI trade given the
enthropic news as well because software
certainly is where things are getting
hit because you know with these new AI
tools what does it mean for some of
these industries like data sort of
companies right so the disruptors being
hit
>> existential questions now it's not
simply a rotation of we needed more of
that now we need more of this this might
sort of be a a new model to uh to talk
about which is also just to say right so
while we talk about the Hong Kong
markets later on in the show we have a
guest coming on um and among the very
very very few analysts on the street
that are quite not quite as bullish as
the rest of the street on Samsung. So
that's going to be an interesting
conversation. What is the market missing
as far as risks to that story is
speaking of an emerging AI play is where
I went with that costby index 1%.
Speaking of right uh there we go. Taiwan
has shaking up the early cobwebs. So the
NASDAQ is now flat. Asia is now flat.
Okay. So it's looking like we are
turning uh the dial here as far as early
losses were concerned. Nikki was down
over 1% about an hour back. So all is
clawing back. Let's call it half of
losses there. uh software stocks across
the region coming up on your screens.
Are we seeing a an extension of the
losses from overnight? Yes, we are quite
clearly. So, this still is the week and
pain point across these markets. The
rest of the region, rest of the sectors
and factors are doing somewhat better
than the software plays here.
>> Yeah. So, that certainly is one thing,
right? As you mentioned, it's more of an
existential sort of question about what
this means for some of these industries
which AI is disturbing and disrupting
and potentially uh annihilating. So,
certainly that is one to watch. You saw
that with the London London Metal. What
was it? Some of the stocks that really
reacted to it. Um
>> Thompson Reuters all that the like here
overnight. So there's that and then
there is kind of this rotation of tech
that we're seeing uh in Hong Kong as
well, right? Whether it is a valuation
story, whether it's the earnings
prospects as well. There is this
broadening out to things like property,
to things like financials that are doing
quite well. You could say it's a good
thing that things are broadening out,
but there's still a lot of questions
about, you know, the tech space. Is
there still value in it when you're
still waiting for some sort of deepseek
new model? You're still waiting for uh
earnings to play out and the AI the
self-sufficiency and all that kind of
thing. But this VAT tax has been quite
there's a lot of debate about it. Is it
overdone these concerns?
>> Yeah. And I think you hit the nail on
the head with the Shinua report
yesterday, right? And they're saying,
you know, it's don't get paraphrasing uh
right. That's that's that's fake, right?
When it comes to specific one
>> from I it's a tax height on gaming. I
think they dismissed that. Um, there
were concerns that it could go up as
much as 30 some%.
>> So, that's been dismissed. Um, but
really there's going to be wider
discussions about whether, you know, why
why would the government be even
considering this here right now? Robin
Shing from Morgan Stanley had a pretty
interesting note about it this morning,
saying, you know, this is not the right
timing at a time when the domestic
economy is is still looking seemingly
weak. Right? If you actually hike taxes
across the tech sector more broadly
speaking, that's going to dampen
consumption further. that's going to
dampen investment and in some ways it
could reinforce this whole disinflation
trend once again.
>> Right? I mean some clarity in the policy
messaging might be somewhat necessary
given speculation on that front. Right?
because you are getting an extension of
some of the subsidies in some of the
services but then you pile on a VAT
obviously will what those rates will be
dependent are we just not better off net
right when you think about it uh that
way but yes I mean lots of clarity will
perhaps be necessary as we go into I
think uh number one uh Chinese New Year
in a couple of weeks and then a few
weeks after that we go into the two
sessions where you get this whole flurry
of targets grow targets following I I
think last week you had a lot of
provinces looking at their specific
targets for the year and what that
means. Is it about 5% or is it 4 and a
half to 5%. Right. I think I digress. Uh
the other big story of course which is
Indonesia that's coming online right now
410 of 1% I'm looking at my boards uh
amidst what hasn't really been has been
anything but a normal uh past few days
for Indonesia. somewhat back to normaly
on price levels uh right now and this is
really on the back of conversations
around MSEI in fact just today is up but
over 5 days look at I mean it's just
been all I mean this is about what a
point swing
>> on the index itself
>> yeah certainly has been a massive sort
of swing as you say right and the
finance minister clarifying that he's
not concerned for now about the
possibility of an Msei downgrade to
Frontier market status. Speaking to Haz
at a business forum in Jakarta, Pbaya
Yudia Sedwa also told us why he thinks
the index provider's warning is actually
a good thing.
As I told you that in transparency in
the market is qu was quite big. I've
told even I've told myself to the
uh stock market mana management at that
several months ago to clarify the market
from this uh cooking practice of uh
manipulating prices of shares but they
didn't anything so to me MCI warning is
a good thing because we I can write them
to clear the market practice toward the
better.
>> Are you concerned about a possible
downgrade?
>> No, because improving the condition.
Unless we ignore the MSIA warning until
May, then we have to be concerned. But I
think the government and every market
decorators have conducted have taken a
proper approach to show that before May
this year we will satisfy what the MCI
wanted. So you should be okay. You
should be fine. Anybody think in my
country should be okay. We will follow
adhere to the global best practices.
You're expressing confidence but there
is a real risk of being downgraded by
the MSCI. Are you prepared for that?
What measures are in place that could
possibly mitigate the impact of a
downgrade?
No, we will uh satisfy all of the MS all
of thing that MS wanted including with
basically transparency for me as a
minister of finance I'm not involved in
too much with what's happening in the in
the boards but I focus to ensure that
the economic
uh the economic the economy moving in
the right direction. We make sure that
our government spend enough money in the
first quarter, second quarter in a
timely manner and we ensure also that
there's enough liquidity in the market
and we are making sure that we are
improving our business climate. We have
this special task force of de the
bottlenecking where everybody every
businessman can report to us and on a
weekly basis we have a meeting a
proceeding to ensure that the pro the
bottleneck that they're facing is
removed properly. I think one year from
now we will have a different and much
better business climate condition.
That's enough to create a better and
faster economic growth. Eventually, it
will be
represented on the increase on prices of
shares in our capital market.
>> We recently saw the seizure of the Matab
gold mine and some say that perhaps a
reflection of the lack of due process in
Indonesia. Due process,
>> due process,
>> due process
something like that have been occurring
in our country over the last maybe 20
years or 30 years. We are improving,
we are removing that bad practice in the
mining industry. One of the sample is
that uh the abolishment of the the
permit of the company. This is one step
to make sure that we are conducting a
good investment climate, a good practice
in mining activities in the country.
It's not like we are against mining but
we are against illegal mining.
>> There's a lot of speculation and there's
even suggestion from the likes of city
saying city bank
>> economist from city bank. Yes,
>> he's not a real economist. He's only a
master. You should ask a PhD to answer
that question.
>> Suggesting that perhaps you will move
your cap beyond 3%.
Is there a chance of that happening?
>> I am the minister, not him.
I understand fiscal policy very very
very well. I learned from the best from
everybody in the world about fiscal
policy.
Last the reason why last time we pushed
last year we pushed the deficit towards
the boundary of 2% because the economy
has been slowing since the beginning of
the year maybe since 2024
pretty slow down by our policy maker
that time and the economy is
moving
downward.
We have if you learn the economy
properly in a downturn the governments
would create a contractor policy to
ensure that the downturn is not becoming
a recession.
We did that. We create stimul not we
expanded our fiscal we give stimulus to
the economy to make sure that economy is
returning like that and it happened in
se in September that we managed to to
turn around the economic direction
September October November until now. So
we push the deficit towards the boundary
but at the same time we managed to limit
the deficit not surpass the 3% level.
This is fun. We are su successful in
creating a turnaround but at the same
time we manage to 3% level. That's a
work of an expert.
I don't want to in the future I don't
want to surpass the 3% level because
people like you media will crucify me
and tell everybody that I don't know my
job.
>> What an interview uh the Indonesian
finance minister Parbaya Yudi Seda was
speaking with has in Jakarta. Uh, still
ahead, we turn our focus to, of course,
the chipmakers in Korea. And while the
likes of Samsung, [music] SKH have been
on a tear, we're going to hear from,
yeah, maybe a non-conensus call. Morning
Star still staying cautious [music] here
when it comes to some of these
chipmakers in Soul.
>> But but ahead of that, one of the
world's largest asset managers will get
a glimpse of the AP [music] pack
business with Franklin Templeton. Tiki
Akma joins us in a couple of minutes to
talk us through their expansion [music]
class, private markets, alternatives,
digital assets, as well as their
strategy in China. [music] Morehead,
this is the China show,
[music]
right? Welcome back. You know that
feeling? You're just [music] easing
yourself into Monday and you need
Friday. So, we're what 4 days into
calendar Feb and I need the year to just
turn us into 2020. See, I forget that
2027.
>> It's also that just awkward time between
Christmas and Chinese New Year that we
feel here, right? You're just kind of in
this lull, but then there's just so much
to talk about across markets as well.
>> Not as far as time.
>> Time. Yeah.
>> Not in terms of news flow, though.
>> No, no. We're we're we're dizzy and we
we we need a break. Um, let's get the
views right now across assets given this
volatile start to 2026. The regional
head of one of the world's largest asset
managers joining us exclusively here on
set. Head of Asia Pacific at Franklin
Templeton, Tariq Akmad. Very nice to see
you, sir.
>> Good to see you again, David Ivonne.
Thank you for having me.
>> Must have been a exciting last few
weeks, but we'll talk about current
flows in a moment. But last year, how
was how was last year for you guys?
>> This was very, very strong, I would say.
I mean, globally, Frank Templeton, you
know, we had a record year in terms of
flows. um coming across channels of
institutional and wealth markets. Um
Asia Pacific in particular was very
strong on the wealth aspect alternatives
you know strong growth area for for the
firm. um that's a deliberate bet we're
putting in across the organization that
grew significantly and then I would say
like on public markets you know when
when you think about the growth we're
seeing on on more diversified solutions
you know multiasset income is a key
theme across the region that's doing
really well for us and I mean it's
growing at a very fast fast pace
>> in terms of flows I mean what what where
what where you seeing the biggest demand
right now in markets
>> I would say it's in it's two areas
really I would say one is sort of there
is a bit of a broadening theme at play
So when you think look at the macro
backdrop today um there is some asset
movement away from the US at a margin
>> and in Asia Pacific clients are looking
towards European assets to some degree.
>> Interesting.
>> Um so that's kind of happening
>> golden precious has done really well.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. I mean that's been um a
beneficiary against the the the overall
backdrop
>> right
>> private markets I would say through
innovation of new structures coming to
market where you can provide more
solutions which are a bit more
open-ended perpetual
>> and that's providing access to wealth
clients to to really kind of benefit to
get exposure into this new asset class
>> across secondary private equity you know
private debt real estate um all growing
you know at at a good good rate. talk to
us about gold because you have
conversations with arguably the biggest
buyers that matter central banks right
so what's your sense of demand for for
for precious metals among the largest of
the largest institutions
>> very good question David I would say
look when you look at the central banks
of the world who have been sort of at
the margin increasing some of the
exposure to gold
>> but the recent IMF study has shown us
actually it's been net zero in terms of
allocations increasing what's increasing
has been the market movements
>> because the Gold prices have accelerated
and that's increased the reserve to some
degree of the reserves.
>> Absolutely. Okay. But some but some
central banks have been increasing their
exposure in this part of the world and
that's happening.
>> Yeah. I mean would you say that a lot of
it what we're seeing the volatility is
is mostly retail driven and and you know
it seems like we're back to levels that
we saw only in mid January, right? Is
that still sort of bull run in precious
metals? Is that story still intact? You
think
>> there there is some slowdown? So I think
I think towards the start of the year we
saw increased buying you know into some
of our mutual funds. So we saw some some
renewed interest from the wealth clients
or more retail buying um that took place
and that was more of a hedge uncertainty
unknowns I mean just looking at the
overall factors coming into into the
start of the year that somewhat sort of
waned off a bit clients are back into
sort of riskier assets in terms of
looking at more diversified solutions.
um income as I mentioned is doing
reasonably well and even thematics you
know I mean technology solutions etc in
terms of getting exposure to those those
themes are still at play and by the way
also like what's kind of getting really
interesting as well is as you kind of
break out themes away from the globe in
ter looking at the US market the
European markets in Asia Pacific as well
you're seeing very interesting kind of
aspects of the India story right
>> China is back
>> I mean China is looking really really I
would say attractive you know across a
number of sectors AI, robotics, EV. So
you see a lot of interest coming into
into into that market. Japan I would say
you know given governance sort of
changes given improvement in in some of
the companies initiatives by by by the
local government as well. You see a lot
of interest coming into Japanese
equities as well. And by the way,
Australia, which is a very interesting
market, I mean, Australia has been a
very resilient economy, right? Since the
pandemic has done reasonably well as an
economy, has been growing, has been
doing pretty well. And actually, if
you're looking to diversify, get
exposure to interesting areas, avenues
of new sectors. I would say Australia is
looking quite quite attractive as well.
>> Yeah. In fact, they were debating, well,
they hiked interest rates. I mean,
they're they're doing that well arguably
if you think about it. uh Japan as I
think we last spoke two years ago Japan
was emerging it continued to emerge it's
blossomed into just many types of
solutions now so from your business
perspective what what are the priorities
in the Japan business what's popular
there now
>> as a business I would say David the
wealth segment is very attractive so if
as an asset manager coming into Japan
and you look about look at some of the
initiatives coming in like NISA which
you spoke about last year or two years
ago
Niss are still growing at a very fast
pace. So you know there's a lot of I
would say focus to position solutions
there to attract capital keeping in mind
as Japan is coming up to to to a level
where rates are increasing right you're
seeing real rates increase
>> in the old days sitting at cash made
sense because if you're sitting at cash
you're still earning because you know
negative real yields your real is
actually positive in terms of you return
and now investors are sort of being
pushed out to think about okay well away
from cash where do we start to invest
and they're sort of really kind of
increasing the risk spectrum in terms of
going to risk your asset when it's a
riskier I mean you know they're going
into more of the active part of the
world to some degree as well so that's
happening
>> uh in terms of private markets I mean
obviously there's been a lot of push for
that um what what are sort of the
alternative strategies that are still
quite popular
>> so for us I would say two things really
kind of stand out in terms of
opportunities at these levels
>> commercial real estate debt on the
private side is very attractive we think
you know it's quite unique uh provides
interesting income components um as an
asset class and a second area for us
would be secondary private equity. We
think that's going to be a growing asset
class again this year
>> for us you know it's been I would say
very successful um investment looking at
secondaries and I would say that theme
will continue and this year you know we
also have had a continued kind of demand
and interest for the wealth client to
kind of get access to perpetual
solutions on the secondary piece side of
the business.
>> Okay, just one last question before we
talk about China on commercial real
estate debt. That's interesting. what
kind of I'm just curious what kind of
yields are available right now to to to
folks. So you can pick up five to six%
or even 7% in terms of
>> is it investment grade almost you think
>> almost investment grade and that's a
very good question you're coming into
here because the question comes in is to
say well on public markets if I can get
headline 7% yield on a security why
would it go into a private debt solution
>> liquidity
>> and the and the answer there is going to
be if you're managing a portfolio which
is going to be a bit more diversified as
an investor we say look being
diversified matters um staying invested
for the long term is equally important,
>> right?
>> And also having access to sources of
capital and return is going to matter as
well and real estate debt offers you a
diversified and alternative source of
capital or return
>> that sits well with the overall
portfolio allocation.
>> You mentioned it earlier that China's
back. How how are you capturing this
this recovery in China? You do have a JV
there. What's the future of that
partnership?
>> So we have we have a joint venture um
Ivonne that's been there for a very long
time. has been very successful as an
investment as a business and with a very
I would say talented investment team as
well.
>> So that continues to to grow with us. Um
you know we are equally invested I mean
I think it's going quite well you know
conversation happening in terms of what
we can think about the next step of the
JV
>> but we're also exploring other avenues
as well because China now when you think
of the wealth segment again is growing
at a very fast pace. you're seeing
significant level of capital that is
sort of sitting in China um that needs
to be sort of managed with new tools,
new solutions and we kind of exploring
ideas to see you know how we can kind of
engage to provide that access to
investors. You look at ETF connect for
instance was happening in Hong Kong for
instance almost $200 billion turnover
was happening. So there's a lot of
activity I would say in terms of um
solutions you can kind of capture you
know in in a China market
>> and do you is that something as a
strategy you want to capture out of Hong
Kong or do you want to do that on your
own on the mainland away from the JV?
How are you thinking about addressing
that demand?
>> I I would say David as a business having
perhaps both aspects positioned will
really matter.
uh when you think about sort of sitting
in Hong Kong as a business where we've
been very successful we are pretty much
sort of tapping on to making sure that
all the avenues are available for us
mutual fund recognition program you know
GBA connect so so we can kind of make
sure we have good solutions waiting here
and then onshore as well to see you know
how do we kind of position ideas there
as well it's great to have you Ahmed
there head of Asia Pacific at Franklin
Templeton and if you are a subscriber
and want to rewatch that interview you
can do so through our interactive TV
function TV go you can also become part
of conversation, [music] send us instant
messages, comments, what have you. Check
it out at TV go. This is Woo.
[music]
Some stories that we're tracking for you
this morning. Credential says it's
suspending all new life [music]
insurance sales in Japan for 90 days.
The move aims to restore trust after
some former employees engage in
financial misconduct. [music]
Now, the suspension is set to begin next
Monday as the firm implements
operational [music] and governance
changes. It will also reimburse policyh
holders who were wronged. Nintendo
shares fell to [music] their lowest in
over a year after weaker than expected
earnings, highlighting pressure on
profit margins. [music] Rising memory
prices are threatening margins for the
Switch 2, even with long-term supply
contracts in place. Nintendo left its
fullear revenue and profit guidance
[music] unchanged and maintained its
Switch to sales forecast at 19 million
units. [music]
Shares down some 10%, Dave.
>> Yeah. Um, not a good one. Not a good
one. Okay. Um, speaking of, [music]
uh, earnings out of Japan, Fuji Media,
um, also coming through. And, you know,
again, I think what we've noticed is the
market's doing well on dips, but the
reaction function seems to be more
pronounced on the negative side. if you
don't get if the stars don't align
effectively as far as what's reported
and what the the guidance is coming
through software stocks that's going to
be interesting too coming through uh
following the obviously the overnight
session the anthropic news and we're
seeing this across Asia Pacific and we
are seeing it quite substantially these
are big names that are getting sold down
quite a lot [music] 2 and a half% on 10
cent uh kingoft is one 3 and a half%
there battery [music] and solar stocks
coming up very very shortly on your
screens. We'll talk more about this
later. Plenty more ahead. This is the
[music] China Show.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
heading to that lunch [music] break in
just a moment. And yeah, we are seeing
when it comes to NIK 225, more downside
there. We're down 610 cents of 1%. The
topics is doing a little bit better
there. There is some weakness in the end
this morning. We're back to around 156
levels. But yes, the rest of the market
seeing a little bit of retreat when it
comes to Asia here this morning and
really the tech space is where you are
seeing most of the pronounced moves to
the downside here today Dave.
>> Yes, absolutely. And the software space
that's coming through coming up very
shortly on your screens. In fact, when
you look at Asia Pacific, we're down a
quarter 1%. US assets are stable. Um
there's not really a lot of interest at
this point of the day. So it seems to be
back to normaly if you think about given
the declines we saw overnight and the
specifically the Goldman basket on
software stocks really really really
took a hit there. Uh so what else do we
see here? So commercial services bottom
row third tile that's the 10-centent
drag that's showing up there. We'll talk
about the the VAT in a moment. Uh and it
that's more a hardware play one and a
half% one and a quarter% there to the
downside. are still on bare market watch
on the hanging tech gauge. We're not
there just to be clear. We could get
there if we see further declines uh from
here but we are hanging critically just
above this support level. Uh below that
we'll we'll get it to bare market but we
can take it look at that later but no
why not right now.
>> And what could take us there and what
really almost took us there yesterday
were these concerns about a hike in the
VAT. Uh you know first it was in in the
telco space but then rumors started
spreading that it could be in the in the
gaming space or even just the whole tech
sector. Uh but yes, Shining Hua came
through uh yesterday trying to dismiss
some of these rumors out there. So
certainly there's a lot to talk about
here. Let's bring in Blubber
Intelligence Robert Lee. Uh he's here to
walk us through kind of what this means
for some of these platforms that you
track as well. First of all, what do you
think is driving some of these changes
around VAT?
>> Okay, there are probably three things.
The first one is harmonization. uh
because previously back in the day
before the internet and demand for data
exploded the bulk of telecom's uh
revenue telecoms company's revenues were
obviously voice call related but these
days the mix has turned to data so the
government is looking to harmonize tax
rates to increase the rate that it
charges on data related services
bringing them up to from 6% to 9%. So
that's the first thing. The second thing
is as in all governments globally
revenue uh raising is always a priority.
You know most uh major countries around
the world are running fiscal deficits.
China's is sort of in the middle of the
range versus other comparable companies
countries I should say. Uh but given um
the ongoing issues in the property
market taxation on land sales and
property sales used to be a big revenue
driver. Obviously the government needs
to rebalance its finances and look to
other sources of revenue generation. So
telecoms and perhaps internet companies
being one of them. So that's the second
thing. And then the third thing is maybe
it ties in with the anti-evolution drive
because we've seen really cutthroat
competition amongst the telco companies.
So by uh increasing the tax it's
charging on these basic data services in
theory will discourage them from uh
being so uh aggressive in terms of
competition and encourage what they have
uh or use their free cash flow more for
investment purposes than trying to take
each other out of business. So I think
those are the three drivers. Whether
this would translate to the internet
sector uh remains to be seen.
>> Yeah. I was about to say because there's
a difference between rationalizing your
revenue streams given realities right so
we scroll more than we text yeah
>> so you know the voice to the data thing
but it's different when you want to
raise it on internet for example
somewhat different so is is there a
probability we can attach whether or not
that's the next step that perhaps isn't
even the same conversation I don't know
>> yeah as as evil mentioned in her intro
there was some speculation that maybe
video games could be taxed next to maybe
as high as 32% I think Shinua has been
very clear on that that's highly
unlikely. Um, but again, the internet
companies have a large revenue base.
They're obviously an integral part of
the economy. They're uh, you know,
essential part of daily life these days.
So, if the government was looking to
increase, you know, taxation revenue,
they would be an obvious uh, place to
look. Having said that, there's no um,
immediate signs of that happening. Um,
but, you know, they have substantial
revenue bases. And one of one of the um
sorry trying to sort of refresh on my uh
knowledge of tax
the question is whether software is uh
taxed as a good or as a service. So the
levels of taxation on goods is
substantially higher than on services.
So in theory there is scope to
reclassify software services in the
future or there would be um and maybe as
a revenue generating move from the
government but there is no sign of that
whatsoever at the moment. And also as we
know markets have been on a tear
particularly the tech sector. Markets
were maybe looking for an excuse to sell
uh and take profit you know prompted by
what we've seen in the US. So I think
you have to look at the backdrop as
well.
>> Uh earnings are coming up. A lot of
these haven't reported yet. What are you
looking out for?
>> It's going to be a mixed bag as usual.
10 cent I think solid as she goes. Very
diversified business global leadership
in most of its sectors. You know uh it
almost never disappoints. Famous last
words. So I think that is going to set
the tone. uh whereas companies like
Alibaba and BU the growth in their cloud
services business driven by AI will
obviously dominate headlines but the
reality is um it's depressing their free
cash flow generation and the level of uh
income generation coming from that is
very low just to quote a number on
Alibaba as you know is going to invest
over 50 billion US uh in cloud services
over the next 3 years approximately uh
whereas the underlying profit within
that cloud business in US dollar terms
is only about 500 million. So there you
know the level of margin is very low
reflecting the effective subsidization
in support of the government's AI
strategy. Um and as I said it is having
a quite a detrimental impact and a free
cash flow generation. Their balance
sheet is still solid. We don't need to
worry about the bonds or whatever but
the ROI and returns are not coming
through.
>> Robert, thank you. Oh, you went through
the capital structure there. Fantastic.
Thank you so much. [laughter]
Robert Lee there, our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior senior analyst.
Let's stay on tech here. So, coming up
on your screens is what would be a
shocking number if you weren't
used to the the new normal. So, SKH
Heinix for example, right? The stock was
already up 275%
in 2025
about a month in we're already up 40% on
the stocks. I think the statistic we had
yesterday was the market cap of these
two
>> Yeah. are now bigger than the combined
one of Tencent and Alibaba.
>> Yeah, the the two bigger ones in China.
So, it goes to show where investor
preferences are lying here. You know,
are you betting more on, you know, the
supply chain of global AI and tech
versus the you the homegrown sort of
tech sufficiency story in China, which
looks a bit tired of late compared to
what you're seeing in Korea here. Uh but
certainly there's been a lot of shocks
as well. I mean, take a look what
happened with the sell off in precious
metals. Korea was one of the first to
feel the brunt of it.
>> Uh you know, so when it comes to what
the street says, I think most people are
still quite bullish
>> with Samsung just given what we're
seeing in memory chip prices, right?
>> Yeah.
>> But some out there are less than
bullish, right? And in terms of what all
the analysts at Bloomberg tracks,
Morning Star has been one of the ones
that I guess willing to stick their neck
out a little bit more. Jingu, equity
analyst at Morning Star telling us to be
a little bit more cautious when it comes
to some of these Korea plays here.
Jingj, it's great to have you on the
program. Um, yes, it's hard to be a a
non-contrar a contrarian here, but I I
want to tell you tell us a little bit
more about your call around Samsung here
and what do you think for the most part,
what are investors missing,
>> right? Thanks, thanks for having me. So,
well, with the recent earnings, you
know, the the earnings has been really
very strong and we have raised our fair
value estimates due to the stronger
visibility and stability of the AI
demand runway um at least over till
2027. Hyperscalers continue to post
strong earnings despite, you know,
digestive digesting the massive capex
that they have incurred over the past
seven to eight quarters. While AI
demand, you know, we see as becoming
more diversified. Um, you know,
previously we were really skeptical of
um, open AI's massive commitments.
Number one, how they would fund it and
number two, how ironclad these
commitments were. With Google and
Microsoft um, strong, you know, uh,
demand for their ch for Google's chips
and Microsoft's upcoming Maya chips. We
think these risks have been diversified
overall and have raised our fair value
estimates in response. That being said,
I think where we differ for the market
from the market is that we believe
buying shares buying into shares
currently imply expectations of
structurally higher memory prices 5
years and beyond. The demand runway
today looks really solid and with little
fresh capacity coming in, we expect
prices to stay high near. However, we do
expect massive capacity to come in from
all three players in 2027 and beyond.
And this would and in our view this will
balance out the strain demand supply
dynamics uh we see today. Um you know uh
to us memory
to us memory pricing is um really a pure
function of demand and supply and we
currently see this pricing upcycle as uh
uh as that imbalance of that. So this
underpins our more measured and
conservative approach towards the stocks
where we really see less than optimal
risk-to-reward uh in the current upcycle
and the current at the at the current
point of the pricing cycle.
>> The I wonder if you could put that to us
in perhaps simpler terms on I like what
you said there. The markets the for the
current valuation to make sense the
price hikes need to go consistently into
the next five years. So, uh, what price
hikes this year would justify current
how much prices how much higher do
prices had to go in memory to justify
the current valuation?
>> Well, now that's now that's really kind
of uh that's really in the win in my
opinion. I I do think that um it's less
about how high prices can go today and
how sticky prices can be in the long
term. uh because in morning star we take
a look uh you know at our stocks across
a five-year and we take a cash flow
approach. So you know imbuing
cyclicality into our stocks naturally
gives us a more conservative approach
over the long run.
>> So you you mentioned so how long do you
think we could be in this super cycle
for memory that you mentioned it could
be years some are saying 2027. What
what's your forecast?
>> Yep. So right now I'm looking at 2027.
uh in 2026, we're not expecting
tremendous capacity to come in. Uh and
in 2027, we're starting to see some
capacity come in uh with the with most
of the capacity ramping up in the second
half of 2027 and 2028. We see, you know,
the supply demand dynamics being
consistently strained until then, until
2027. But we do see, you know, this new
capacity, fresh capacity that's coming
up, which is rather material to be able
to offset or balance out the dynamics
that we see today.
uh between the two stocks Samsung and
SKH Highix um do you have a preference
one over the other? How close is the
other one? Because these two seem to be
the only names people are talking about
as number one and the challenger that's
getting close to the other one. Compare
and contrast the two companies for us.
>> Right. So SK Hanix has been the leader
in the HBM space. I think uh ever since
HBM3E it has established a clear lead
over the peers. A lot of this leadership
has been priced in and expectations here
are tremendously high for SKHIX to
maintain its lead. From a risk-to-reward
perspective, uh, you know, we I do
expect Samsung to be a better pick than
SKH Highix given the fact that it is a
challenger in the space. Uh, there are
still naysayers and skeptics of its
ability to commercialize HBM4 despite
having qualified for HBM3e. We actually
think the qualification of HBM3e and you
know the recent channel checks that we
have done on HBM4 uh have shown us have
you know given us more confidence in
Samsung's ability to catch up. That
being said, we do expect um SK Honey to
still be a leader in HBM4. But the
optional optional upside of Samsung
being able to close that technological
gap tremendously uh gives us more um
confidence and more optimism in the
overall risk-to-reward profile for
Samsung.
>> Okay. Um, it's hard to kind of stand in
front of this train. I'm going to ask
you what what could change your mind?
>> Uh, what do you need still need to see
in terms of maybe AI for example for for
you to really kind of change your mind,
be a bit more optimistic around the
stock,
>> right? I think um, you know, I think one
of the few factors that we will have to
see would be that uh, AI capex
reacelerates, right? And this is
primarily coming from hyperscalers from
you know internet giants. We would also
need to see you know plenty of this uh I
would say conditional commitments coming
through primarily from open AI where we
are still skeptical about in terms of
the ability to fund these commitments.
Uh I think these factors coupled u these
factors would tremendously raise the
overall demand for HBM beyond to what we
think even 2027 or 2028 uh capacity
could uh supply. So with that should
that occur and of uh we do expect um the
overall uh supply chain to remain
constrained
uh beyond the past uh beyond the next 5
years.
the fantastic the way you frame that in
terms of you know capex will be the the
thing to watch because if if these
things were easy to see you know markets
would have bought into this right and to
your point what really changed was
markets rerated because suddenly you had
a wider adoption for memory and I and I
wonder do you see the possibility that
the adoption or the applications of
memory go far be not even far beyond
just incrementally beyond the current
application ations of the technology
which could be the next rerating to
come. I don't know.
>> Yeah. Well, I think there are some new
products that are coming in beyond just
HBM and the conventional DM. These
products are still relatively in the
stages of in very nent stages uh with
commercialization not expected to happen
anytime within the year. That being
said, uh I think how these use cases
blend into the overall ecosystem of AI
of consumers is still yet to be seen. we
could see perhaps some cannibalization
uh uh of you know traditional HBM or
traditional DRAM uh memory for the use
uh in you know in uh in exchange for the
use of these of these products. Uh that
being said, I think it's still really
out in the wind as to how these all
these different kind of products would
um mingle and coexist in the ecosystem.
>> Gingj uh appreciate the time and thanks
for giving us a different perspective on
all this as well. Dingju there, equity
analyst at Morning Star joining us from
Singapore here on their yeah contrarian
call when it comes to Samsung and Skinx.
Coming up, China condemns a Panama court
ruling against CK Hutcherson [music]
port operations. They're calling the
decision quote absurd and warning of
consequences. We have [music] the
details coming up next. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
We're watching S Hutcherson this morning
after a ruling by Panama's top court to
avoid its contract to operate two ports
and China has responded and really
denouncing this move as quote extremely
absurd. Let's bring in our China
correspondent Lo now on some pretty
strong reaction from Beijing on this
deal. Yes. So the Hong Kong and Macau
affairs office have put out a statement
on WeChat and it's a very very long
statement and I want to read you read
you some of the quotes because it's
pretty incendiary. Uh and this is not
the exact copy because it's in Chinese.
So this is a Google translated version.
It says the ruling is legally absurd,
logically flawed and utterly ridiculous.
And it says the ruling succumbs to
hergemony obviously referring to the US
and it acts as an accomplice to evil.
That is truly shameful and pathetic. And
it ends with saying that the Panamean
authorities have to recognize the
situation and correct their cause
course. If they persist and remain
obsoinate, they will inevitably pay a
heavy price in politics and economics.
Exclamation mark.
>> So it's a very very strong statement
from Beijing. Uh and it does seem like
judging from the tone of that statement
that Beijing might be prepared to
retaliate against Panama. not clear what
sort of actions but it says that Beijing
will not sit idly by in the face of
bullying. It says Beijing has the means
and capabilities to maintain a just
international uh trade order. Um and you
know this comes after the Panama top
court had ruled that the that CK
Hutcherson's right to operate the two
port in Panama Canal is unconstitutional
even though the company has been
operating there for nearly three
decades.
>> Okay. Well, how does this materially
affect the deal to sell that fleet of
ports then?
>> Yeah, obviously it's going to complicate
the situation, right? Because there's a
lot of question mark now as to what
Hashesan can do with the Panama ports.
Uh it it doesn't really have a lot of
options because it cannot appeal against
the Supreme Court ruling, but the
company has said it started an
international arbitration process. So,
we'll see what happens and obviously
perhaps there might be impact on the
valuation as well. uh and it's already
faced a lot of challenges right in terms
of approval from Beijing. The company
had to bring in Costco, a Chinese
stateowned company to hopefully get
Beijing to soften its stance. And the
last we heard was that uh CK Hutcherson
was looking at a complicated deal where
they would parcel out uh its fleet of
ports so that Costco could have greater
control over ports that are in
friendlier nations such as the African
nations while Black Rockck uh and other
companies could have greater control of
the other ports in less friendly
nations. So the the structure itself is
already very complicated and this is
just yet another geopolitical challenge
to that deal.
>> Right. Well, that's the latest um clear
and clear and then complex. Uh Minman
Lo, our our China correspondent on a
statement, not Minmmin's delivery of
that, of course. Uh complex is the deal.
Okay. Uh let's get to some big corporate
stories [music] we're following out of
China here. A statebacked industry group
has urged China to boost strategic
copper stockpiles. [music] Now, the
China non-ferris metals industry
association uh called for larger
reserves and closer coordination with
state producers. Copper jumping nearly
5% uh in London. Uh what are we [music]
doing now is the question that's ahead
of course of lunar new year. Well, the
Shanghai future exchange [music] is
winding daily trading limits for silver
futures from after today's close.
[music] Limit rises to 19% from 17%.
Now, the exchange is also raising margin
requirements, [music] increasing them to
20% for hedging positions and 21% for
non-hedging trades. And you know, it
seems like some of these [music] moves
certainly is, you know, helping at least
the market stabilize in some ways here.
Take a look how silver futures are doing
[music] here. We're up about another 5%
here. Gold as well. We're back to above
that 5,000 level for futures are [music]
concerned. Uh I think Bank of America
just said they kept that they their
forecast is still around 6,000 for gold.
So [music] maybe there's still upside
here for bullion. Copper also recovering
quite well here right now.
>> Yeah. Uh interesting there coming
through out of Mattie Ja who joined
[music] us earlier on. So they it could
get to 6,000. The average for the year
still about 4500 which is still [music]
quite a substantial upgrade of course
from the average of
>> of of last year. That's the metal story
for now. It's a fluid story. Plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Time for a quick look at what's making
headlines in Chinese media today. There
has been some extensive coverage about
the central government's first policy
statement this year focusing on
agriculture and food security. Now the
document calls for strengthening China's
agricultural capacity, upgrading rural
infrastructure and expanding domestic
food production. Now specific measures
include ensuring stable production of
grain, edible oil, also integrating AI
and robotics into the a sector.
>> Yeah, in fact we're looking at a tech
stocks really on the back of some of the
conversations here coming up on your
screens. We are getting some moves to
the upside. JJ top cloud agri tech uh up
about 4% on that specific stock. Uh
battery and solar stocks also very much
in focus today. And by the way,
separately there's a uh a broader
conversation on EVs that has been really
on the weaker side of things. But at
least for today, this specific cohort is
catching a somewhat of a bid here. New
grid backup policy um and I guess
initiatives there to be able to back uh
to to to bolster uh that part of the
process. It's also worth noting BFA, who
joined us early on, is still cautious on
the solar sector specifically. That's
really on the back of their call on on
prices and installations.
>> Yep. And China property is still kind of
leading some of the gains that we're
seeing when it comes to Hong Kong here
today. So, uh it's interesting, right?
We we mentioned to Goldman about this
might be the next tactical trade just
given uh there has been signs of a
rebound. Hong Kong property, the HSP has
seen about 10% rise uh in the last 3
months. So it seems like this rotation
uh into some of the property names into
financials that continues on here and
maybe out of tech uh once again but you
are seeing some pretty big moves when it
comes to Sunnak China Logan the like.
>> Yeah, there we go. Uh 53975346
is not my mobile number. Those are the
two levels to [laughter] watch on the
Hansen tech index. The former is the
support level that's held and the latter
is the bare market level below which we
will enter bare market territory. At the
current level in Hangen Tech, we've
taken out the first. We're just now five
points above 5346 [music]
which would take us into bare market
terrain. Suffice to say, we've seen some
pressure here on tech stock. That's it
from us here on the China show. We'll
see you all tomorrow.
>> [music]